Update dbt-cloud-environments.md (#4425)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-environments.md

Deployment environments in dbt Cloud are necessary to execute scheduled jobs and use other features. A dbt Cloud project can have multiple deployment environments, allowing for flexibility and customization. However, a dbt Cloud project can only have one deployment environment that represents the production source of truth. 

> To learn more about dbt Cloud deployment environments and how to configure them, refer to the [Deployment environments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) page. For our best practices guide, read [dbt Cloud environment best practices](/guides/best-practices/environment-setup/1-env-guide-overview) for more info. 

Reviewer: updating link to correct one due to failed check. 

```suggestion
To learn more about dbt Cloud deployment environments and how to configure them, refer to the [Deployment environments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) page. For our best practices guide, read [dbt Cloud environment best practices](/guides/orchestration/set-up-ci/overview) for more info. 
```
